

                  Questions To Be Answered
NOTE: the following questions will be read by a program.  Please enter
the information on the empty line FOLLOWING each question.  These
questions will give me some information about you to set up the
grading data base and also to help me assign you to your team.


On the following blank line, enter your name (Last, First):
Furman, Blaine

On the following blank line, enter the lab section you are in (001,002,003,004):
003
 
On the following blank line, enter your wiliki login id:
bfurman

On the following blank line, enter the last 4 digits of your UH ID:
9872

On the following blank line, tell me what name you prefer going by:
Blaine

On the following blank line, enter your major (EE,CENG,ME,CE, etc.):
CEE

On the following blank line, enter your class standing (Fr,So,Jr,Sr,Grad):
So

On the following line, enter a comma separated list of other classes you are taking:
Physics 272, Math 243, EE 211, SOC 100 
 
On the following line, enter your overall GPA:
3.3 
 
Enter the results of your learning style questionaire
exactly as shown on the results page on the following line:
Reflective(3) / Sensing(3) / Verbal(1) / Global(1)


 IF you could list one person in the class you would like to have on your
team, who would that be? (no guarentees):
Kainoa Thomas


You may answer the following questions by adding as many
lines as you need:

(1)  What kinds of computers, Operating Systems, and software
     applications have you used before?
The operating systems I have used are Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Puppy Linux,
Lubuntu/Xubuntu, Ubuntu Mate, Chrome OS, Windows 2000/95/XP/Vista/7/8/10,
MS-DOS 5.11, Mac OS/OS X 10.5-10.13, IOS 2-11, Android 2.2-7.1.1, Mac OS
7.5.5., React OS, and a few more I can't come up with off the top of my head.

The kind of Computers I have used and owned are a varity of Thinkpad, a couple
of modern Dell and HP desktops, multiple Macbooks/Powerbooks, various Android
phones, various IPhones, a couple of Xeon deskops, IPads, and many more.

I have experience with the Microsoft Office suite, Final Cut Pro, Logic Pro,
the Adobe suite, gcc compiling, Rufus, OpenOffice, Eclipse (some Adobe stuff),
VirtualBox, Xcode, Emultaors, etc. 
(2)  Have you done any programming?  If so, what languages?
Python, a little bit of C and Java, Excel if that counts, and a little Swift.
(3)  Do you have a laptop?  If so, what kind?
I have multiple that have been aquired over the years. My main laptop is a
Macbook (12" 2015). Others that I have are other assorted Macbooks, Thinkpads,
HP, Dell, Acer, Asus, and a couple of others
(4)  Do you dorm?  commute from nearby?  or commute from far away?
Dorm
(5)  Why are you taking this course? (just briefly).
So I can learn more about my Major Computer Engineering and I feel that for me
to be effective with hardware, its very important for me to know C.
(6)  What do you expect to get from this course?
A general and coincise knowledge of programming for C.

